very good how are you darlings I hope
you're enjoying the day and well
let's go a glass that I dropped on you
just a few minutes ago we were the first
media outlet to comment on the news okay or at
least on youtube so man I
hope at least that you give me
your like or a subscription which is
absolutely free and with that you will
find out about all these bombshells as
always first hand and of course
well informed for example now I can
say that this media outlet has had access to the
order in which it has been decided to finally
put the owners of
the television factories in the dock to give
explanations we are talking about a
trial we are talking about a
criminal trial it made no sense that they had first
tried to file it it was
provisionally dismissed but in the
end justice has decided that there are
indications for this to be answered where it has to be
answered I want to put
this click from one of my videos on my
main channel and I want you to listen
carefully to what Carlota Corredera said
the first is that no one from the top management of
the television factory has put
Rocío Flores in any dock you
asked for a complaint  you sent this
production company, producer of Sálvame and well,
your complaint has been archived, they have
appealed the dismissal but I do think it's
important that things are
clear to the audience, first of all, that
things are clear
to the audience, no Carlota, just as it has been made clear to the audience, to
you that Antonio A. Videos has already won
the lawsuit he filed in two instances because you made him
an unfair dismissal, okay, and why have you
violated his honor by calling him an
abuser? When
Antonio David Flores' lawsuit arrived and it appeared on the
cover of the magazine 'Diez minutos', you
said in prime time in the
Rocio Carrasco documentary that you were looking forward to it and
that you were looking forward to
justice being done, that you were looking forward to collaborating, that you wish
the trial would be tomorrow,
then the trial was suspended because
some workers at the
TV factory, including presenters, did not
show up at the trial and they had to
postpone it and finally the trial not
only did you win in the first instance
but in the appeal they added  a hundred thousand
euros more to the sentence the
TV factory has to pay it Antonio there was
about two hundred thousand euros and you still
have the nerve to drag out the trial a
little longer and appeal to simply
prolong the agony you are not suffering
but to this day you still have
not been able to inform
your audience that he had been
convicted of violating the honor of
Antonio David because Chase defames him and
labels him an abuser when he
is not and this time
exactly the same thing is going to happen so cocky that you
put on here selling the skin before
hunting the bear as I am saying in
this tweet it was that nobody from the top management
of the TV factory sat down and
showered flowers on any bench you
asked for a complaint you sent this
producer producer of rescue and
well your complaint has been filed he
has appealed the filing but I do think it
is important that things
are clear to the audience they are not going to
say a peep they are not going to say a peep that
in the end they have admitted the  appeal
and well we'll see where
this ends because the judges who have
admitted the appeal have said that yes there are
indications meaning that under no
circumstances can the excuse be accepted with
the great argument that they have given in the
television factory that vanitatis had already
published and disseminated the
sentence that excuse is not valid in the first
place because that a person commits an
act that could be criminal does not
mean that you can come after commit it
and nothing happens to you because
the other has already done it okay but
everything that was said was public
then the other media could
echo it if that is really true
when something is already published by another media to
another media the normal thing is that
the other media is condemned but the thing is that you
published more details many more
details okay and that when it is said
account that the law was on top of
censorship astringency 11 minutes if
you had put those 11 minutes that you did not
do it to protect Rocío Flores you
did it to protect yourselves
my goodness that
the coke falls on you my goodness already vanitatis that
the  excuse that you are giving is not that it is
that Itatí is also going I don't know what it is that
Manita Dio is also being
reported and Vanitatis also celebrated
that they had filed his case as if it were a
definitive file when
surely it is going to be reopened as well and
also there is going to be a trial we have to claim
victory when it is time okay we have to claim
victory when and not before time and
not sell the audience something that is
not but well as I was saying the
excuse of these people in front of the court
seems to be that well these are
things that are already public because they have already
talked about her because she is a
media personality and they are also based on the fact
that they did not illegally obtain
that documentation and that conviction of Rocío
Flores what does that mean
obviously it is the mother who
provides all the documents although that
in this case she already knew because she is the one who
made the documentary we would have to see
what is confirmed and in what way it was
all leaked in Vanitatis because it turns out
that Vanitatis is also saying
that she did not illegally obtain
that sentence of a minor it would be very
strong not for your own mother to make
these little things known to the  press
to crush you no
you don't believe it but well we'll see if it's
confirmed or not or maybe we're
wrong and the suspicion goes in another
direction
basically the judges say no
unless it's Rocío Flores who
wants to give consent for that to be
published and for that
subject to be talked about you can't be extremely
protected I remember perfectly in the
interview that we did here after
the interview Antonia I saw Giovanna
Carril who is a spectacular lawyer
okay she is a lawyer by the way
I have to invite her again because
something very strong happened and I want her to
come to the atheist channel to invite okay well
Giovanna already said it the sentences of
the minors are extremely
protected and that's how it is okay or the
arguments that the television factory is using
nothing to
trial to trial the owners of the
television factory accused in the Luna case
light operation you can call it also it is
also being investigated now that
the process has been extended for six more months
because the judges suspect
bribery they
also have the trial soon
for an alleged crime of
revealing a secret because
The police file of Rosario Mohedano's husband was published in the programs. He
is accumulating a series of
criminal problems. If everything goes wrong and they
accumulate one after another, you already know what
happens. No, or is it that one cannot believe that one can go
unpunished, that one cannot do any
stupid thing believing that nothing is going to happen to us,
but well, family, basically
Rocío Flores has never given permission
for this subject to be talked about, Rocío
Flores has not been the one who spread
this when she is the only one who can
spread it. I do not care that the
television factory says, oh Pérez, in 2002
her father wanted to tell it and her father said, I do
not care what the father says, it
has to be Rocío Flores who gives
permission for those documents to be
disseminated. Furthermore, the issue is that both
in the vanity publication and in the
documentary in the television factory,
documents are disseminated, not only the
sentence as such, they
imagined it. No, I say, well, hey,
Rocío Flores was convicted, as for
example some collaborators said in
previous years. No, hey, she was
convicted.  It's not that they show
papers, in addition, the
papers they show to Vanitatis are different from the
papers they show in the documentary, I
mean, you can't just take it and come on, you
publish this, I publish this other thing and
between the two of us we've all leaked it, it's not
worth it, it's like if I take it and I want to
publish something that I don't want, that can't be published and
what I do is I pass it
to a follower so that he
publishes it or I pass it to another YouTuber
so that the YouTuber publishes it and
then on my channel I talk about what
the other has already published, I mean in the end it's like it
all seems very collusive, not
at least in the impression it gives
because look, one is holding on to the fact that
the other made it public first, the other
is holding on to the fact that they didn't obtain it
illegally and that it's a public matter
on Telecinco and when they speak, or rather what they
do is like they are preparing a trick
or at least that's what it seems like so that
later in the face of these trials they cover their
backs, okay, they commit things but
then they cover each other's backs
the others because they are a team okay here
once again it is demonstrated that they are
teams that vanitatis readings with the
television factory they are teams they are not the
same company but they have a close
relationship in some things let's
call it that so nothing brutal family
the car well it is brutal the car costs me
how brutal the car leaves completely
shivering the people who were in
charge of dismissing the case in the
first place there is a trial and not only
in trial but obviously
whatever the result of the trial then
other higher instances will come and
so on the moment that the date
of the trial is known will be the first to say hello
okay so we are pending
subscribe I send you a huge hug and I
leave you with a phrase from my friend
Carlota Corredera that hey Carlota please
announce this announce that we have been
convicted by Antonio David let's not
cling to justice when it suits us when it does
n't suit us we don't know
justice hahaha